gh-103046: Display current line correctly for `dis.disco()` with CACHE entries (#103047)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-03-26-20-54-57.gh-issue-103046.xBlA2l.rst

> Display current line label correctly for :mod:`dis` when CACHE entries exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display current line label correctly in :mod:`dis` when ``show_caches`` is False and ``lasti`` points to a CACHE entry.
```
